the member model should have the following fields in the database where they will be added in the cards with category and data as follows
CATEGORY ONE (CARD ONE): PERSONAL INFORMATION FORM 
This contains the following fields
1. name (first, middle, and last) it is done ready --done
2. gender(male or female) it is done ready --done
3. date of birth (dob) done ready --done
4. place of birth -- not done
5. marital status -- done
6. mariage type --done
7. spouse name if married -- not done
8. place of marriage if married -- not done 
9. name of a spouse you live with if not married with in church marriage type --not done
10. children or other church members that depend on you there should be a subfield where by the person can enter the full name, date of birth of the dependent person and relationship with the dependent person these three fields should be saved in json format in the database and the can also be queried later and also make it adaptible in the form to be capable of getting extended if there are many depending people to the member --not done
11. membership number as username --done


CATEGORY TWO(CARD TWO): CONTACTS AND RESIDENSE (all fields are texts)
It consists of the following fields 
1. phone number -- present in db 
2. spouse phone number --not present
3. P.O.Box or email --present but add for P.O.Box
4. House Number --not present 
5. Residence Name -- not present
6. block number --not present
7. former parish --not present 
8. your fellowship --not present 
9. name of neighbouring member --not present 
10. neighbouring member phone number --not present
11. name of church elder in your residence --not present
12. phone number of the church elder --not present 


CATEGORY THREE(CARD THREE): EDUCATION, PROFFESSION AND OCCUPACY. 
1. Occupacion --not present 
2. Work place name  --not present 
3. Education --not present 
4 Proffesion --not present 
5. can you dedicate and contribute your time based on your occupation and proffesional information as stated above? (fields yes or no) --not present 




